What I said welcome back to Nerd Mountain Hollywood, California
Guess what Harmontown is now in session
Will you please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon
Rap
Great we started at 8.06. Okay, so that I always get confused. I look over at that clock. I go how long we've been up here
Basically since 8 so when it says 9 30 been up here for 90 minutes. Yeah, I'm insecure about our performance
Dan your hair looks great. Thank you. I
Took a shower
I
Raised home from work at Rick and Morty and I jumped in the shower and I didn't use that's not true
That's not true. All right. I stopped at the drawing room. You're right. Yeah
To tell you that I needed to take a shower
After an hour of drinking, right? I mean, that's not there's no reason for I mean, let's just full disclosure
Yeah, it's just your your commitment to honesty Jeff Davis's commitment to honesty
Yeah, I took a shower tonight. You guys don't really usually see me after a shower
That's kind of exciting. I don't know if I've ever been up here right after a shower
No, and I don't know if it
I don't know if it changes me or not. I don't know if they I clip my fingernails
I don't I'm not embarrassed about so when you groom you commit to grooming. Yeah, I'm like, let's let's get back to basics here
It's like a like a Narnia book, you know, where they they go on a lot of adventures and then there's a chapter where they just
They go down to the riverbank and they scrub and you know
The author describes their ruddy cheeks and their glistening hair and they
Did he just put down the book and jerk off
That sounds like a clean lion
I just remember people like every once in a while they bathe in these medieval adventures
That's all I know and so I do it medieval style
That was not affected because
I've never been laughed at harder in school in fifth grade. I raised my hand in social studies
I knew the answer to a question. They go and the teacher said Jeff
I said like 30,000 times in this band of four seconds. That was a real that was a real one
That was I mean, I don't fake them try to fake that you can't do it
Yeah, I sound like a character from cars or something I
Assume I haven't seen that movie
Speaking of people who haven't seen movies, we're gonna bring up a guest or later on Jeff
Who hasn't seen some key movies and we're gonna talk to him about it. That's a dumb teaser dumb
Well because you have me
That's not the purpose of a teaser as you go later on coming up if there's like a guy's gonna come with an anaconda
We're gonna find out what it eats, you know, you don't say hey later on we're gonna talk about shit
Oh, yeah, that doesn't that doesn't make any sense, but I don't want to later on Dan's gonna second guess what he says
We're gonna talk about
What were we talking about stammering stuttering hygiene?
Okay, here's the thing. I'm sorry. I was taking a shower today, and I was 40 years old and I was a
And Aaron had left a bottle of shampoo
Like it spilled on the bottom of the toilet. What do you call it the bathtub?
I
Where do you shit and where do you?
wash the shit out of your
the bathtub was
covered with
shampoo and
So when I got in it with my like like my my my enormous gross walrus like body
Like the weight was just like all
Slipping and sliding like there's no the the old German couple that left me this house
They didn't they did a lot of weird things. There's kitchen tiles in the kitchen that have like the German word for honey on them
And a little bear going like sigile, but
There's all kinds of evidence if you look for it then an old German couple owned my house and kid took very good care of it
You know they you might say they annexed the house and like like a jar full of gold tea brought a lot of order to it
But but that was a
I
Like the thing I delightfully skipped off the surface of the of that lake like a you made a bear a Nazi earlier
Yeah, it's cute
The bear offsets you just like the drawer is gold teeth. It's like a pupil of us. I'm not
Let's not fight Jeff. Let's not fight. I'm having a delightful time. Let me too. Me too. I love you
I'm glad you're here. I'm glad the camera your hair looks terrific. Thank you. Oh, yeah, also. Yeah, we're fucking loose
The camera fucking crew is not here anymore. There's no
Not that not that not that not that they were bad people or that having a camera here was bad
It's just fucking it's different. No, but if you look at difference, then here's a difference
Because now for the first time in about a month and a half. I can do this I
I can play license music Wow
A place
Where copyrights don't apply
Where Sony can fuck off and die
They call it
When he Houston died of an overdose in a hotel and when her record started to sell
Sony charged more for it. Look it up. It's a fucking huge ridiculous scandal
If you just Google it, you will see that the company that fired me
is
Horrible and belongs in Nazi Germany
And now we can steal boom
Swiss
Sony
Sony a drawer full of gold teeth now. That's marketable
All right, so to get
I
Feel good
Yes, yes, yes, you love it you guys had to go for two months without ELO
And death camp references they they love them both
They eat them like s'mores the chocolate move the marshmallow
I stepped into the shower and I started slipping because she left the shampoo
She left it she just squirted shampoo on the on the floor
She's she's she's young. She's vibrant. She's she's got she's trying to kill you. She's got
This is the Agatha Christie novels
She's got pots to cast she's got paintings to commission boyfriends to murder maybe but that would make more sense after
So she's leaving liquid soap on the floor like Downton Abbey. It was
Oh
Okay, I saw high fives out there
The weird thing is there's three people in the front row here two of them crossed over the person sitting in the middle of them to do a
Downton Abbey high five. So he's either her boyfriend and
Doesn't truck with no Downton Abbey
And he's the fucking Downton Abbey watching guy that's gonna fuck her after
He's on deck
Or I don't know what wait, what are the other I don't know any other configurations. I was gonna I was gonna say gay best friend
Oh, okay, okay. She said yes. Wait. Are you the gay best friend gay best friend?
Wait, are you guys a couple? Oh, okay, so just straight friend
You're just hanging out on deck
You're playing the platonic game
She's gonna end up having a boyfriend a straight platonic friend and a gay best friend
That's amazing and the gay guys gonna have a straight best friend and that they're gonna end up hookin up later
He's just gonna be like a Chinese kite just like with this
Tail of
Entourage
Anyway, so I'm slipping in the shower
And I know no tangents tonight. No, I don't know that all of this has been germane to
Jackson
Dum dum dum no word play tonight. No
Germane Jackson of the type of tangents that aren't gonna happen tonight. The first one is a phonetic
Just because you hear yourself say germane, you don't have to say Jackson
That's rule number one I was slipping in the shower and I made me hyper conscious of my environment
Here's my thing Jeff one of my many things. I don't like showering. I like bathing and
Thank you. Thank you
For the top like like I realized what a treacherous place it is
It started to make me I was like I started slipping and I was like Jesus Christ
I took my it was like oh she left the shampoo. It's like and I put it down the drain
It's like that's why people slip in the shower
Wait, she just left a big glob of shampoo on the bottom of the shower or a ghost knocked it down
I don't know man. There was a there was a shampoo bottle like down on the floor of the
Tub yeah leaking shampoo. Yeah, so like an oil slick, right? I was taking a hurried shower
Maybe she wanted to kill me tonight and that's why she's not here, right?
She's she said she was she she has an alibi. She's in Belize right now
None of that makes sense. None of that makes sense
Not a perfect crime. I slip in the shower. She gets no money because she's I'm just her boyfriend that slipped in a shower
She's in the other room when it happens. They'd still accuse her of murder. It doesn't none of it makes sense
I would thrill you to no end, but it doesn't make sense
We love each other and we belong together and you're a bad bad bad person
The I start I became hyper conscious of the shower environment and I started to think to myself
You know what all of these houses that you always see on TV in the movies and in your own homes
They always have a shower in them and I started to started to really sink in I think other people other than me really like
to take showers
right
So like
How many people in the room?
Don't like taking showers
Four four or five four or five
Okay, you
Would you you like baths? Okay, so those those four people have bath. There's no there's no question
That a bath is better than a shower, but like sometimes you don't have time
You know the shower is an expedient, but how many people in the room consider it a like oh boy
I wish I could take a shower like like like like like like by applause
That's the thing
But also one of my favorite things is sometimes if you got the time a little bit of both you
You plug you plug the drain you lay in there and you take a shower bath
Wait what what bathtub can you fit in like you're you're taller than me?
I uh you just get down there and like let's lay down. It's like look like like Herman Munster in a
Sexy naked Herman muster in a tiny little like go-kart
He's like he's laid down there and the water fills up and the waters you know cools off a little quicker when you're the hot water
Coming down is the greatest I don't get nothing other than baths
I don't get it because like when my dishes are dirty they got a little lasagna to scrape them off like that's how you know
Like you soak them soak you soak the dish you don't spray it, but you have a you have a dishwasher, and that's a shower
Right, it's not so but you have to scrub the dish before you put it in the shower that in the in the in the dishwasher
Yeah, I soak the plates or well and or I hire a lady who may or may not be
Documented I don't know
That's her business, and that's not a tangent. We're gonna get off on but
My plates are currently clean so are my balls because I soak them
This is enough of this topic. I was just thinking in my head while I was taking a shower today
Like how much people like showers? It's not like a toilet. It's a different from a toilet
The toilets there nobody well come sometimes pooping is fun like
Cuz because there's a thing coming out of your butt now you but
Feels good, so it's like put your thing up your butt same thing, but it's coming out
But you then you have to wipe it and like it's poopy, and I don't have to I probably don't have to explain this
Out of all the things I have to explain. I probably know this is probably the last thing I have to explain
You know pooping works and that there's a there's a thing in the bathroom that's like there
It's it's by necessity like it really is there because but a toilet is a bath for your poop
And I always thought it's a bit of a shower was also there by necessity
Because that was a just as the toilet was a device that kept poop from piling up
The shower was a device that kept kids from picking on you. That was how I
Like that that was that was how I was introduced to the concept of showering is that kids in the playground going you don't shower
You have to shower. Fuck you. You're an asshole. You're a piece of shit
But if you you better get in that shower and I'm like well unlike when I get on the toilet
I don't actually it's not up to me like I
It's just up to fucking Steve Ruel
But if you had gotten up every morning and and known at you know when you were in the fifth grade that you liked baths and
You took a bath every day you would have been clean and they wouldn't have that never would have been a topic, right?
Yeah, maybe but yeah, maybe
Yeah, don't don't blame high
Cascading water
But it was just a bathing thing. It was
Bathing can be showering or like submerging yourself in a tub
I think that everybody should wake up every morning. Not everybody. I don't care what you guys do
I I would like it. I would like that
I would be comfortable if everybody woke up every morning of it. I'm gonna I'm gonna take my little my little bath
Because that's how you get clean you soak your whole dirty body and like
Clean water and you can take a bath every day
You can be a you can be a sexy calgon lady and you can you can get you can get in and have a little bubble bath every morning
Well, I had my bath had to be fixed and now it is there's too much time in the bath as the old air supply song goes
too much
Time in the bed. I don't know. I don't know what band that is but it's not
Well that out
I was gonna say fucking sticks, but then I was like how many hits could they have?
Sticks if you're listening and you're from sticks like I just paid you the biggest couple of middle-world
I stopped myself. I was like I was gonna say sticks. It was like too many hits
Yeah, they also have bathing. Yeah
When I'm wet I am cleaner
Submerging dirty balls
Sorry, I can't do it
Coming to the stage now Jeff. Oh shit. Yeah, fuck it man. Keep this thing rolling man
That's what I learned on tour. Keep it rolling bring bring fresh faces up get to know him talk to them
Let's bring
first up
An old friend of Harmontown a week old
Are you looking for a thing I'm stalling for you. I don't good. Okay. Did you have a theme? No, I just got some sticks
Okay
An old friend. He was here last week. I like talking to him
His name is Kumail Nanjiani
Come here from now on. This is your theme. I like it. Hey, not this one a different one
You're with me, I'm smiling this one why you know what fuck you
Camels fighting with our tech guy. Oh
He was okay. We're not fighting anymore. I just won
It's only a fight if yeah, if it's still going on. Yeah, can I say one thing? I'm and I'm pro-showering
Anti-baving. I know you don't want to talk about this anymore. I feel thank you
Is it gonna be about wasting water? No, God. No, no, I'm pro-showering showering is more wasting water. I think no
No, that's not true. We all did that if you take a short shower
You if you plug the shower, it doesn't fill the shower
Oh, we did that in science class right gang. What science class were you homeschooled?
It has to be all like the little bread in this toaster. It becomes toast
It's just science based on what you guys have come out. Did Dan went to Mythbusters high
If you if you stand in the shower and plug the drain as
As often happens to 25 year olds because the drain gets naturally plugged by their
inability to call their father who they owe $5,000 to and their
Smokers mucus the it often happens the science experiments plays out you you you always
The shower the bathtub will not fill up in the time of an average show
You'd have to be in the shower for a long time to fill a bath. I take long showers sometimes
I well, I would when I'm on the road like I was in Miami for a month alone before that I was in Baltimore
Alone for a couple weeks. I would take just to pass the time
I would take like five six showers a day. What I would like to look forward. I would be like all right time for another shower
What what?
What's not happening in Baltimore? What is it five six showers a day and you saw the wire?
It's that it's six showers or the wire
That's Baltimore slogan. Does the crack come out of the shower?
Omar comes to get you
You're only safe from Omar in the shower. Yeah, I got that pan
Omar coming
Some people are calling out there are more high-fiving in the background
Only this time I got them WB
Yeah, yeah, I
Think the rock bathing is weird because you're laying in your own filth for a while
No, run if you do if you do a pre-shower, okay? All right, please
You know that
Okay, it's like your ball and butt filth
Finish your thought and then let me counter
Or can I count I feel like I finished my okay? All right. All right
Yeah, I've of course I've thought about that
I'm an awesome so condescending
Also in science class what we learned is the whole point of water as a cleaning agent
It is the universal solvent water
Binds to things takes them away. It doesn't put them back. You know, but it's still there
It's bound to water, but it's just hanging out though. It doesn't fucking attach to you now
But it's still gross. That's only half of my that's only half of my counter. Okay, the other half is
Assuming assuming that being near dirt
Actually, it makes you dirty if it's like in a water dirt solution
What you are asserting without knowing you're asserting it is the absurd science fiction notion. I feel like I've already lost
That a shower head propels water
hard enough and consistently enough that it
Blasts the dirt no no off of your body. I'm scrubbing like a laser gun
Don't plan that every little flake of dirt as opposed to the simple. Can I finish that's just like finish that's
It's 45 seconds opposed to the simple assertion. I've been I'm in you stand down stand down
Senator your time is up, sir
I'm scrubbing. Okay. Let the senator from Pakistan rebut
Was that the fun there was the punch line there just Pakistan
It's a funny country. It's got a lot of K's in it. Oh one. Yeah, I just like that senator a Pakistan has senators that are
That are like very passionate about shower worse than Bay thing
Sorry, the senator from Pakistan. Where would he start?
All right
Okay, well, I want to say what two things one you've mentioned
It's a science fiction notion that would be the worst sci-fi movie of all time
Fair enough also I
Was gonna say something horrible, but do you know who knows how strong water?
Oh, I'm not gonna say it, but what say it civil war pros civil rights protesters. No
civil rights, okay, does it make them clean?
That's a fair point dad
But the other thing is I'm scrubbing while I'm in the shower
I'm not just like in there like water do your magic and then get out
Right, you scrub. Okay fine. I'm scrubbing and then the water is going down there
Even if it's not binding itself to me. Would you like ride get on a six-hour flight next to just like a peak like a shit?
Like a turd even though it's not binding to you. You don't want you know, it's there
When you're eating it's like looking at you. That's that's not fair. The shit is made out of shit
There's shit is made out of shit
Is your is your hang up with showering because people said you don't shower your dirty is the is the verb
Showering kind of it's the verb. No, also the way it's water water stings me a little bit. Okay, but what does it?
Oh, you're sarcastic. Ah, it's duly noted
all right
The water hits you too hard
You guys are all you guys are a writer in Hollywood the water hearts
You guys are all welcome to a giant bin of dime a dozen hero medals for people who gang up on people
There I mean there there's a bin full of them. I knew when I asked them
I said who loves showering. They all said yay. They all love it. I I'm not I'm not I'm a hero for talk
But you're the lady who said she liked Batman risings. Yeah, like like
Is she here by the way tried to bully her. She's like a folk hero. She's a
But Dan, do you know dude is it the act of standing up while while while stingy water hits you?
Because that's fair enough if you don't like like like, you know, like I'm I'm six foot four
I prefer in the morning. I I sit down when I pee. Why because I'm tall and I'm like, I'm tired
You know what you know what me too. I sit down when I pee
Pick a sitting down not out of your
You guys are fucking freaks
Why are you trying to move from the ceiling when I pee? I I can't get high enough
What are you women?
I I I I why I stand in a tightrope and punch a lion while I pee
I I I don't even pee. I just I just I just I just you blast civil war or civil rights protesters
Yeah, and I and they come out still cleaner
than
Than if they had loved the government
I
I'm not even sure what lines we've drawn now
I don't even know either because if you think about what I said
I said then then if they loved the government, which the moral then would be that they shouldn't have they should have they were doing wrong
Reflexive booers eat your plate of crow
Reflexive booers, where will you go after the show? I'd like a plate of crow to eat up from the time
I booed Dan Harmon because I I react to words instead of feelings
That's you
You guys need a fucking linguistic shower
Or a linguistic bath or a bath. What's better linguistic shower? I'd rather they take a bath. It'll
absolve them more
We're off it. I feel like I think I think this is the sweet spot is uh
If you have the time and you're tired is laying down in the tub and let the water hit you and you get
And but you know what laying down in the shower feels real like
Sad it feels like post rape or something. Yeah, that's yes
Get it off me
After after I've had good sex I go into the bathroom and take that's what you call good sex
I I take a little rape bath afterwards
That's a great I love that I like things in my ass
Oh my god, I love that that that's a thing rape bath like a
Like a real estate person like all right. So yes, you can see wooden floors great curtains. There's a rape bath here
I'm sorry. Could you repeat you're you're a career woman. You're moving up in the world
A rape bath, you know, it's not good. You know what nobody likes a rape shower a rape shower is the worst
Well, he was saying I mean that's a thing if you're sitting in the shower
It's because you're either been abducted by aliens or or have been taken
Or you just found out that fickle design horn
What what that was a real deep
Real deep Ace Ventura
We need a character for deep cuts. We need
I just high fived a gay guy. I don't know what you said. I just
I feel like that would make it better. Yeah humblebred
Everybody high fiving the gay guy
Everybody high five the gay guy
High five the gay guy
It's like the Blarney stowed
High five the gay
It makes you feel a little less strange
Meet
Foundries high five blurring as I walk across them with me
Dumb
High five the gay guy feels like a like a fancy version of smear the queer. Yeah
Like a pc update
Like we fixed it. That's a martin luther king made that speech. I have a dream that one day
The children will play high five the gay guy instead of smear the queer instead of
Punch him in the fucking that was one, you know
I apologize to enti who was sitting in the front row because when we were we were playing certain games
We would say uh, we would pick who was it and we had this in midwestern, wisconsin
It was the 70s 80s ago
Eenie meenie minie moe and we didn't always say catch the tiger by the toe
No, we definitely in pakistan did not say tiger
Wait, you got wait, what what did you say jew? Oh, yeah, no
That doesn't rhyme
Catch the jew by the toe. Come on. That's your that was your you guys were like into rhyming
Yeah, everybody's into rhyming
hearts beat beneath these chests
Jew-hating hearts, I thought
Well, I know I need to go over there and like no, yeah, it's skippable
Is that is that on the pamphlet of the hotel lobby? Yeah, skip it
Pakistan's wonder spot your your car will go uphill it's skippable
We didn't say tiger we said the n-word okay, and but I forgot
We played a whole game called smear the queer and the reason I forgot is because we never thought
I never really thought about it. We're never thought. Oh
This game will keep gay people from from infiltrating society or voting or getting married
I was never thinking that like you just taught that as a kid
And I'm not I'm not saying it's good or permissible
I'm just saying like when you're a kid you're pure like you don't you really don't there's no reason
Yeah, only the only people who can say the n-word are black people and kids right they can
And
And and and white comedy writers who who are making a sandwich by themselves. Can I pitch that as a title of this episode?
Can't say the n-word say the n-wordest things
In between gay bashing
I
Honestly, we say I forgot about smear the queer. That's all like I because I I bothered to apologize to uh to our our our our
Soul our uh, uh soul. That's uh, uh
Our only uh black uh, uh
Harmonian wait, what do you think queer means? Why you?
Why are you apologizing to the black person?
No, I'm saying I apologize. I I I I'm obsessed with race, but I'm not as obsessed with uh, homophobia
I'm not I haven't come I feel like the equation was race and homophobia not race and homosexuality
The equation is racism and homophobia
I'm saying I I need to I need to put a couple more poker chips on double zero for the gay people
Although they wake up and can totally pass for white. I mean
So, yeah, that's
Like we we can only find out you're gay like in if you say you prefer penises
Right, like like like black people gonna come up with a loan officer. Yeah with black people you can tell over the phone
If you're if you're a gay guy and you want to you blend into straight society, it's as simple as growing a big bushy mustache
Is that right
By the way, Pakistan was very very racist
against
Jewish people, of course
Hindus of course, but also black people and we didn't we didn't have any black people
So weird. Yeah
So what was that about?
I think we were going off you guys
We were like, you know when like the
The big bully at school is like the cool guy is like this is what we hate. Oh, okay. We hate it too
It's like in every after school special like yeah, the dirty bully like beach again, you follow him home
Of course his house is all shitty, you know, that's that's America. That's America because whatever we're there
We just see like Snoopy and Garfield and mark all the animal ones, you know
We then you come here and it's fucking Jerry Springer and stuff. We don't we don't see that stuff
We see Baywatch, which is great. All right. I think it's time to keep the bullet train rolling
We got shit to talk to Spencer about we need to bring Spencer up here
For you first-time listeners, Spencer is our attention master
Spencer Crittenden everybody
Happy birthday, Spencer's 24 years old
One step closer to death
Spencer Crittenden slowly edges along the never-ending river of chronology
He'll he'll always be younger than Dan, but that doesn't excuse him
From what? I don't know. It's from Indiana Jones. Not that you would know. What a great segue
Because we just found out in the green room
That Spencer Crittenden human snow drift
What wait, what does that mean? Well, I'll tell you okay
Has never seen a single back to the future or indiana jones movie. Wow
Fuck you guys. What is it? He's a unicorn. You haven't either
Who hasn't seen indiana jones or back to the future movies two girls. Why is this something to be proud of?
Because they're 22
How old are you?
23 how old are you 22? So yeah, I got it, but there's a lot of I mean there's a little I mean this audience is a
See you you'll love it people spencer's age. I don't think it's an age thing. I don't think it's an age thing
I think it's an age thing plus. I think it's an age that you guys assume. It's an age thing
I think everyone my age has definitely had to see like like their actual
uh, uh stormtroopers came to your house and
And drove you to the movie. I was four years old
I remember being four years old when star wars came out at the orange sonorama dome
And I remember my dad picking me up out of the theater and walking to the parking lot
Because I was crying when Darth Vader came out because I was because I was fucking four and there's a
There's a guy shaped like an evil black cock
It's a big deal man, and I was raised pakistani so you know how
How hard we hate black cock
Nothing scarier than a big powerful black cock our actual slogan was it's pakistan not blackistan
Spencer I have a question for you. Yes shower bath
Uh, I I you know I'm gonna go with some of the audience members. I enjoy a good shower bath now and again shower bath
Yeah, yeah the combo down and I crumple myself into a small fetal form
Yeah, because you're tall right house. It was six three six three or four
Yeah, like same as me and we don't fit in normal bathtubs. No like you know on tour
Like there was two
Bath, you know showers that were that were I I could stand up and there was there was a ceiling mounted
There was only one that you and I could share. Yeah
It was a real taxing time for us
Yeah
But yeah, but the combo is the best I have to say
As the combos
I'm not I'm not I'm not being patriotic about it
But the combo I don't get because when you're the only reason I can finally take baths
Is because I bought a house that has this like sunken dolly part in bath in it
Like it's it's it's very big and my giant. I'm not as tall as jeff or spencer
I'm six foot period and uh, I I I've I've often tried I've tried of like on the on the tour
I was like like like erin would go you don't want to take baths in the hotel to take a bath
Yeah, I'll take a nice relaxing bath
Like hannah barbaric cartoon like my knees are next to my ears. It's silly. It doesn't nothing's getting soaked for me
I want to soak my body soak it like a dirty dish
It's about simulated rainfall like I I'm from california where it never rains rain is exciting
So the idea of being in a shower and rain hitting you is like it's like this visceral
Uh experience. I do have one. I always want to someday have a house where the entire ceiling is a shower
So you can just kind of walk around everywhere
I think I could handle that I think I've been at like hawaiian resorts and things every once in a while
Your hotel room will like you'll luck out and you're like what the fuck and there'll be like a crazy rich person thing where
Like you get the uh, the joan crofford mommy dearest shower where there's like 19 jets
Oh, yeah in every direction the best. Yeah, that I'll do so we can all agree
Let's all be rich and and live in hawaii where they also the temperature doesn't change. That's the other thing about a shower
Well, you're gonna contradict that. No, no, no, go ahead. Go ahead. I don't think it's a safe environment
Here's the thing. Let me let me walk you through taking a shower
Wow, you got all your clothes
You got all your clothes if you've just tuned in
Wait, we're about to blow Prairie Home companion out of the fucking water
Wait, I'll tell you this one thing. Okay. First of all, it's very presumptuous of you
Uh, walking me through a shower
But also if you have to do that, you don't have to start with me having my clothes on like
We could skip that. This is exactly the point. I'm talking about. Okay. Okay. See this is exactly everything that you take for granted
You don't understand what it's like to be it mean like you you you don't get it. No, I don't
It's like like my clothes are on
They're already on it taking them off. That's a big deal
Like it's it's like all kinds of shit like like I'm taking all my clothes off
I think I think everyone else in the room is like, oh, I can't wait to get all these clothes off
I'm like, god damn it. Fucking another sock really
two feet I have
Yeah, I am backwards. I talk. I'm a late
I'm a lazy person like a lazy lazy thing taking clothes off like all of them off knowing that I'm about to put them all back on
Insanity and then like so so the thing that goes between that event like I want it to be ritualistic and thorough
I want my big pendulous
Irr-sign greasy nasty asshole
privacy balls
Juice be subjected you hear earth sign not to a light dashing earth sign balls earth sign earth sign
They're like you have balls like bears
Uh, look, uh, we we have a surprise guest here
He needs to sound in johnny bear balls
We're on the wilderness theme ladies and gentlemen bobcat goldthwaite
Wow, I didn't know we had guests tonight, so I mean no that's what I get for showing up late
We've graduated to surprise guests. I I feel like uh, bob hope or something
Is he that's a reference that you guys would really grasp
We remember that he was a guy and then he they don't even know what bob hope did he was
Well, I mean, you know who he is
But he was famous for walking out and doing you know, he'd stop in and then but he was his way of really squirting his musk
It was his way
He was showing. Yeah, you know, fuck you johnny karson. I'll just come over and crap right in your mouth during a broadcast
I'm paraphrasing
Bob he didn't really say that. No, he he made jokes about churro
shower showers or baths
showers or bath
um
showers
All right, fine. Yeah, you're cornered man. Well, you're down with the bath and I just don't like showering and I
If I if I'm clean it's because I took a bath
But what what is it about the show?
Is it the physical act of standing and being hit by water or is it the fact that people told you as a kid that you
You don't shower. You're a bad. All right. It's all the above starts in the playground
The worst people in the world the worst people that you would ever want controlling society
As the first purveyors of the information, uh, you need you need to take more showers
I take dude. I take like three showers a day
I wish I wish I didn't have to go to school so I could take more showers and I'm just going like okay
Fucking asshole shower asshole shower beating me up
Because I don't take showers and then I I've told you a lot of your school's hierarchy
Social hierarchy was based on shower frequency
Yes, as far as I'm concerned. Yes
So, I mean, I mean, maybe that's not a reality, but that was my emotional experience
That's exactly how I thought of it that the guys would go out and they'd throw a football as far as they could
And they go was it 40 45 45 is better than 40. All right. Oh, I took so many showers today
And I'd be like I can read everything
But what if what if somebody said uh, what what if there's like the the the captain of the football team said
I prefer just soaking in a nice leisurely bath. I would probably be the world's greatest tight end
But or linebacker or whatever you do. But here's the problem. That was an unfortunate pun
Too many dots to connect. I but when you were
When you're in the bath you're making um
um
Your own
You're making
You're making Dan Harmon az you
That's exactly right. All right, is it a metaphor for where you are in life? Are you just
Sitting in this I don't know. Is that the the more narcissistic way to bathe is to just no
Stealing your own juice. I don't you still in your own juice. You don't want the talent to go down the drain
I don't want to lose to merge yourself or just inhale it like I think snorted up
I don't want to lose any of my essence
I'm just gonna put it back into me
Do you feel that the shower robs you of your essential oils? What do you guys think I do it?
Do you think I bottle it and put it in the next to the fire firewood pile?
I think you're drinking it. It's just the secret on the label. I
Enjoy being clean but not not not in terms with this like like these guys
So it was three parts. It was that and then it was the fact that okay. Here's the deal when you turn in the shower
Okay, and everyone go ahead bob before you got here. Everyone already made fun of me for this
The water hurts
It stings it stings when it hits the surface of my skin
And I'm only gonna say this once and I have not any chills for you for saying that out loud
I am not diagnosing myself
In my head you're the whole body the skin it hurts I in my head your shower says sony on it by the way
I wouldn't be surprised to me at all all those tubes lead to one place. Yeah for sure
Some big pyramid in space just pumping out things that did you have a terrible shower nozzle because like
I have experienced enough different ones at the college
You had to shower in the multiple dorms and it was that little like nozzle that it was just like
Like being sandblasted to pieces
And I think maybe that's where my love of sitting down on the shower came from
But if you stood up at six or four if you got that in the shoulders
It took off the first couple layers of skin
So I think I just learned to curl down like in a corner and like let let let let the rain
I only bring this up because there's so much contention
I I'm not diagnosing myself, but I have in all my research like I've it is a symptom of it's an it's a spectrum thing
Where like it's like you don't you like tactile like stinging with the water and the thing
Uh, I but I'm not I'm not playing that hard or I just did bro. I think it's like
But see to me the shower is also
And maybe have your back on in this. It's the lifetime movie
Or you know where it's like where you go after the rate. This is my other point
Wait, so
Bob you and I are the same person. Did you make that right? It's like looking into a mirror twinsies a future mirror
Basically, I get that a lot. Okay, Bob Bob Bob a future mirror. So Bob clearly. I'm a balding fat white guy
How did that happen a bit of a bit of B?
Wait, so Bob clearly you weren't here for the first like 30 minutes of the show
Just just as a test any mini my name. Oh catcha. Oh
Oh, are you from Pakistan the same person with the same guy
No, I would have went with secret pakistani
No, I came from my family was uh
How can I say this I didn't
I didn't know
That they were called brazil nuts
Oh, no, I know
Yeah, they're called n word toes. Yeah. Yeah, I was like, what? Yeah, half of my family's from oklahoma
Yeah, those are not called brazil nuts. Would you ever have a thing where those are like a black person at your house?
And you have to be like, how would you want to have some? Oh, no, is that how you realize?
And but nobody'd be like
Aren't we being racist to brazilians?
Well, but brazilians is not a bad word. Like if we were calling them like bikini
Hey, what's their nuts? Yeah, that's what we're saying. You have these are odd shape
little tiny sharp nuts
Long pyramid shaped wrinkly
all right
I mean not not that every nut is an opportunity to get your uh, uh, uh, you know racist agenda
Uh, maybe maybe they're from brazil. Let's look into it afterwards. Those nuts may be from brazil
I think they are I think I don't I don't think they resemble brazilian people but also
But they do resemble the toes of black people. I I didn't say that you did. No, I didn't
I can't I'm so sorry tonight. What if a black guy's foot really looked like that like
Like like like genically brazilian nuts the same language. Well, it still wouldn't be okay because that word's not yeah
It helps them. Don't I'm sorry
Because I my family as a food group my family always called pecans korean fingers
Well, a lot he does
Oh pecans. Is that an actual pecan riff pecans? Pasha?
How dare you sir? Well, hello, Mary
My my family calls corn syrup poor people fuel
Is that true they know we couldn't even afford sunny delight
In pakistan, we call cashew nuts cashew nuts. Whoa. Whoa nice
Why did nuts?
Not sure yeah, because it's not only
A euphemism for
men's genitals. It's also
How you describe mentally ill people
And they're like, we're just an excellent source of protein. Yeah. Yeah, we never asked us just everybody back off
Oh, all we did was be cultivated by accident. We didn't do anything wrong. We're just just weird like how do you become
The balls thing I understand because it's like I guess I kind of do although why wouldn't you I get maybe maybe in stone age times
The only thing slightly resembling that was like rocks and nuts
But then you get you get mr. Peanut who's the fanciest richest nut of all time. That's clearly just compensation
Yeah, yeah, that's yeah, that's there used to there was a thing when I was at the we take our nuts very seriously
at the fisher nut
Company that was a commercial back then
They were like like good. Look. We know the word nuts means crazy and balls
But by by ours like we they're clean and they're
They're good for you and we we we were still we're not a bunch of crazy balls at at the factory
We're just putting nuts in a jar
Uh, we're just putting nuts in your mouth. Yeah
I like it
We're all going to come together at some point tonight
All right, we're all going to take a rape bath tonight. It's going to be fantastic
But before we play d&d who needs help in the audience tonight. Is there somebody is there anybody that needs help?
You can't shut up immediately
Did you come and sit in the front row because you really needed something tonight?
Yeah, what what what's your name?
Sophie, do you want to come up and talk about the help that you need? All right
It's getting really easy
I have to kind of do it heraldo style where I control the mic because there's we've run out of mics
Sophie your name was what what's what's the problem? I'm just a scholastic mess. I don't know what to do in my life
All right, well
So are you in college?
Yeah, I really wanted to go to medical school and then I moved to santa barbara and somebody would from medical school
By the way, let's let's note that you get you get a lot of partying done at medical school
I really wanted to be a plastic surgeon and now I think I want to do sketch comedy
Wow
Too very very noble fields in hollywood
We had we had the same thing last week. That's weird
We went things for sure. You definitely don't need to move to any other city like
Like no matter what you decide to do. Yeah, you could go back and forth between those two
You'll always be in the acropolis of uh of both of them
So so you wait wait, but at this point in time are you like an undergrad at a college?
Could you combine the two like we need a nose?
And some sort of cleft palate a place a cleft palate
Yeah, we'll make you smile
All right, so Sophie see you're you're you're at a crossroads right now
You're in what year of your college, uh course. What do you call it?
I would be a senior at UC Davis and then I left to go
Thank you
That's john davis back there
And then I left to go to santa barbara and like maybe try this like acting thing
Wait, so I'm a terrible interviewer
And uh, so if if you were going to pursue acting you would go to santa barbara. Is that what you're saying?
This is why I'm like a mess like I'm taking chemistry and I'm also taking drama and singing
I can smell your parents stomach acid from here
I was just going to say I can smell the cw execs screaming their pants. I have
Like she's she's she's going to medical school, but she wants to be a model and she
It's it's it's it's it's called medicining medicining Sophie
Yeah, it's even worse because Sophie if you had your Sophie's choice
Taken taken
So that that was the non gay best friend of
Intermediate high five person
Uh, if you had your dream, uh, if you could do anything, would you be a famous actress or like comedian?
I want to do like snl type stuff, but like probably not that much more like
YouTube kind of thing. So your aim is to be on youtube?
You could do that tonight. Yeah, actually you already are probably yeah
Somebody make a dream come true. Dreams are coming too. I want to be on vine
Now I'm confused you want to get on snl to break into youtube
It's a weird way around it. Yeah, that's a big step down from snl
Sophie what qualifies you to be on youtube? Oh, oh, I see you went to medical school
Very well. Yeah, and you were on snl for three years. All right one more question one more question. Sophie shower or bath
Baths are for birds and babies, and I am neither
All right, well, so fee is there is there is there a crossroads that we can identify and help you with though
that you're you're saying like like like you're you're in your
blank year of
College you're thinking I would I would like to
To reconstruct people's faces, but I would also like to entertain people and and there's a fork in the road
So what what is there a I mean like like okay?
What's the next choice you're going to have to make if you choose one or the other medical school or not medical school?
Meaning that that coming up you're going to have to do what you're going to have to fill out an application for a medical school
or that you're actually going to have to
Like like like
Because I'm alien to the territory. Okay, so so you need our help in deciding between the medical path and a
Performance path. I have a diagnosis for your I think this is what is happening
Can I say I'm just going to ask someone who was also expected to become a doctor and now I am not a doctor
Why are you laughing?
Just don't don't bully her make sure no no i'm not bullying her what i'm saying is this is what it seems to me is happening
Is that your parents had an expectation of you to be a doctor?
Perhaps or an expectation you put on yourself based on people you'd seen and whatever
And so then you later decided that you really wanted to be an actor and for you plastic surgery is sort of one step
In the medical field and one step in showbiz. It's sort of
Or or comedy or comedy. Yeah, so you definitely want to be
Funny and and entertain people that you get your passion is not for
For medicine that's not for medicine
Yeah, you know, I you know initially I was
thinking about the fat patch Adams nicely played young man
Nicely played young man
I know he is there. I was just talking to morke. Um
Yeah, he was out there. That's that's an amazing thing about meltdown. That's a fancy. It's like narnia
Like you could like like Robin Williams could be looking at watchman
And go do you want to do do you want to go do the show? No, no, no, I'm cool. I'll stay here
I want to find out what would happen if Batman grew up in the 50s
I don't know
You know, I was this best man and it's really what and I feel like such a heel that I do
But I don't do manic robin. I do robin. No, you do it. Yeah, I do. You were robin. We're his best man
Yeah, yes. Wow. And this the latest model
Is it still running this model? Yeah. Yeah, the model's running. It's a lovely lovely lovely lovely woman. Um, but let's get back to, um, Sophie
My initial reaction was actually I got hostile like I was like thinking about
Do you know what I mean? Like the cliche of no one's ever said quick
Here's an emergency. Right. Is there a sketch comedian here?
Everybody got a real plastic surgeon, but but then I thought that I was being very hypocritical because the advice I give to
Everybody often including my own daughter is uh, you gotta quit man. You got to quit you you've got to do
That you know, what's right? You want to do this sketch then you got to do it
And it's and it may seem selfish, but it's actually really brave
No one else no one's behind you right now
I don't know if they're agreeing, but it sounds
But it's where your heart really is and in two weeks you might say I made a big mistake and all this stuff
And it's okay to keep quitting you keep quitting and you keep keep quitting all through your life
And eventually you end up some place where you don't want to leave
All right, thank you, Sophie
I and I would I would rather I would rather sit in the front row of a show and watch a person who might have been a doctor
do
Bad comedy then be under the knife of somebody that would really
I wish I was sherry o' cherry, but your cheekbones are
The unspoken part of capitalism the the healthy part is the idea that because
We have money and because anything that you can do can generate money
The idea is that unlike in monarchies
Anything that you want to do you can figure out a way to make money doing it
The idea wasn't that your parents and give you a bunch of money
And then they tell you what you're supposed to do and then you end up doing that
Even though you don't quite want to do it because that's what a poor person does and all this shit
Like like like the idea was supposed to be oh, it's capitalism like like like so
Fucking figure out a way like what's your passion?
I like cutting up roadkill and taking the little squirrel skulls and gluing them to my forehead
And just jumping up and down
Well, you're the only got the market cornered on that
There's got to be a way to make that worth something if there isn't then you try as hard as you can
And and and now that Kickstarter's here
There's but my but my heart first went to like wasn't even about bread. I was thinking about how you help people
But I've high-roaded, but you know you went for
But you went down like some like the genesis of some supervillain who's making maiming people
So
Mengele and the Riddler all got together and
But you really do have to be true to yourself
You know or or you will be
You know, I'm 50 and I rant in the valley and I've never been happier in my life, you know
Yeah, I mean just like as your career has been so interesting and so awesome
You've had so many sort of different things you've done and nobody could have predicted
No offense watching you in police academy. I've been like somebody. It's going to be an awesome
Director with a really good point of view and like really really like dark awesome movies. Nobody would have guessed that
What was the award that you just won this you got some you got some accolades? Oh, it's nothing
What is it who reads a square?
Director of the year. Yeah, but you know whatever there wasn't that many good movies this year
It was the easy
Yeah, I had lunch with Bob and I was telling him I go the you know
We know but the Charlie Kaufman thing we did a Kickstarter was like if there's ever been a director
That was like made
Match made for a Kickstarter project like if you showed up on that radar and said hey anybody got got 10 bucks
They want to anybody interested in making this thing that I want to make like I bet you would make like like like like
Everyone would immediately crowdfund you because you've got this track record
Of like obviously you only do exactly what you want to do and that's all anyone wants to pay to see is somebody that
You know they're like like Quentin Tarantino is within the studio system
But at least you're watching somebody that like you're like holy shit like I'm definitely watching whatever Quentin Tarantino wanted to do
And not everybody gets to do that in and have major theatrical distribution, but I'm always trying to
Figure out his formula
Of being creative and then and yeah, and then but I'm not jealous. I'm more fascinated
Obviously like everybody I'm a huge fan, but I was thinking so we had
A slave burned down some plantation
A ragtag team a nazi's kill Hitler
I'm thinking the next is
Somebody stops a plane from hitting a building
I was gonna go with like a group of a scrappy group of altar boys kill the pope
He's pandering a little bit. Yeah, or you make they make him retire. We got pictures, you know
But you know Bravo Bravo executives bring out a shit full enders and Oliver stone
Literally did the fucking like a tower movie like Tarantino's obviously going well. I don't know
I'm not sorry like like like what he's doing is cinematically. He's going. Oh these issues
They overcharge like a hot rod engine in a way that makes it go
Yeah, like it's like who who hates nazi who doesn't hate nazi's nobody
Yeah, and it lets him go fucking crazy. No, no, and it makes you it sounds
Silly, but he's not manipulating but you're super happy watching it. I'm a huge fan
Uh, it didn't when you said that though. I was thinking like Quentin Tarantino's Hogan's heroes. I would love to see that
Hey, Bob, would you do us a big favor double-edged sword? You came up here. You you soaked up your accolades big funny Bob Hope cameo
It's kind of a cock. My girlfriend's sick tonight. She's not here. Could you play her part in dudges and dragons?
Sure, okay
All right. All right
Spencer if you would dispense the uh
Uh
The character sheets, you know how it works, Bob. I I watched I have to say
And uh, I'm with an open mind
But uh when I went to the uh homecoming show at the egyptian when you did this part, I couldn't have been more lost
Yeah, well because that was a rat fuck
Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, that was all over the kitchen, man
No, okay. Well, I'll try my best. That's all I can do. I don't think anybody's calling that uh, yeah, yeah
Basically these character sheets. I tend to stare at them with my eyeballs, but I'm not actually reading anything on them
I'm just nervous
Yeah, this is gonna I just just put the first time last week and it didn't make any sense to me
So just sort of go with it. The idea is like spensters the narrator
He tells you what's going on and he's the final judge of everything that happens and he has dice and he has a
An encyclopedic knowledge of rules to guide him, but you tell him on a turn-by-turn basis like what it is you want to do
Um, and he'll tell you whether or not that's uh available to you
And if it's something hard for you to do he'll roll the dice and you'll find out the outcome of that is that correct spencer
That's correct. All right, and your character is kind of like has has arrows and shoots a lot of arrows
She just uh last week she fucked Dan under a horse
Oh, that's right. You yeah, she used to be a dude
You're in love with me. How's she you're in love with the aunt used to be a dude you fucked him under a horse
Uh, you shoot arrows spencer if you would get us up to date
Last time our heroes had split up
Sharpie and mole rain possessed with compassionate spirits charged off on coco the animal companion along
this length of the infinite fish in the hopes this is a run-on sense of
Finding the fish-dwelling tribe of humans and a halfling in the wreckage of the fish
But the pair didn't realize the truly infinite nature of the infinite fish and soon retired
Grip by passion and a sense of daring heroism the couple copulated in the shade of their great horse
Meanwhile quark ran into a progress blocking thicket in the forest a massive wall of trees
Believing traps to be about he stood stock still allowing him to hear the approach of yet another stranger
Christopher the songsman
The two caught up on recent happenings and bounced ideas for song titles off each other for a time
Yeah, but i've got Christopher, you know lady in red sang lady in red. Yeah, that's that's his character. He also wrote it
It's a great song. It's a good jam. Yeah, he's also a thief
Yeah, he also is a thief. That's so true 30 seconds pressure. I know I just I'm maybe I'm feeling uh
Rejoined by Sharpie and mole rain who bathing in the afterglow decided that the fish-dwelling folk of the infinite fish
Were probably fine and charged swiftly towards the exact location
The party set off following Christopher their newfound guide toward the soul of growth. You did it again perfect
How do you do it special
So you're caught up right that all made sense. Oh, yeah, now I understand
Yeah, so uh, we're going off after a thing called the soul of growth
Yeah, and uh, I'm following my new my newfound possibly friend Chris de Burgh
Hopefully friend. Yeah singer songwriter
Of the lady in red great. Uh, you've heard that song, right? He's good with a bow and a dagger as well a bow and a dagger
Yeah, that's good to know
Uh, and uh, he keeps trying to go back to the well of writing songs about women in various shades
of clothing women in white
Uh, right women in beige. Yeah, I did. I think there was a dude in scarlet was one of them
Uh, I feel like they haven't really hit as hard as we're all together now. We've all caught up
You're all together following Chris de Burgh to the rumored location of the soul of growth
Okay, I examine the uh immediate surroundings as you walk you notice the purple tinge of the sky beginning to ripple and change
Oh, the floating light giving orbs of this plane ceased shedding their brilliant light and one by one begin winning winking out of existence
So so it's nighttime the sky
It changes to deep red and the shadows grow deep. I think it's uh, I just realized
It's a fine line between spencer and prince
Is there about to be a raspberry dawn
The sky is purple people running everywhere
Holy won't you see
Uh, he's a good songwriter. You should be flattered. Yeah, I what oh
Uh, I wanted to ask a question because uh, I was listening to the last couple episodes and realized that during the various blackout drunks
That occur at this segment in the show
That I acquired a book of fiery writing, right? It's a book of bloody writing. Yeah
Anything uh, you want to tell me about that?
Is it me the disembodied voice that describes your surroundings?
Uh, wait, what sorry
I just say yes. Oh, yes. Yes. Yes you the gods my yes
You found a book you believed it to be magic. It's similar to uh, your spell book, but you know also different
Radiates strong power. I think you noticed at one point and you you wanted it. It's probably some sort of artifact
You couldn't read the language
Do I think it's a spell book?
You think it's some form of spell book or maybe I could read it and cast the spells from it if it was
If if you could read it like I can I read it? I mean
Can christian he can read music can Chris de Burgh read
Can Chris de Burgh read this book? Act it out. You're just talking to me
You gotta hold I hold the book up to my companions and I go anybody anybody ever see this language
Look look look with your eyes not with your hands. That's um
That's clearly a duck
I I speak gnome common and dwarf. It doesn't seem to be what I what I can speak. No, uh
Yeah, I can read it
I can read it. You definitely recognize it. Oh christ Chris de Burgh
You're not you're not just a songwriter. You're a bloody book reader
I got a lot of you ironically you could read this book, but you couldn't read the uh pulse of the of the people
Uh, how do you know? I think I'd read it pretty well at least once well
Are you saying you can read the writing in red?
It's all blood as long as it's red colored. I'm the king of it
All right Chris de Burgh. What does this book say I hand it to him? Uh, it's just the lyrics to my song
No, turn the page. Oh, sorry
Uh, you recognize them to be magic words, but not being a wizard. You can't really glean their true meaning
They're magic words, but I'm not really a wizard. So
what language
Magic is I'm gonna say
It's a far realms language. It's uh, it's uh, it's urdu the language we speak in pakistan. It's fine
That's a you shake your head is that that's made up my head. I know. Yeah, you don't know. I don't pakistan
I don't know how to read it. I don't know how to read it, right?
Yeah, well, I mean, you know, you know, like it would say like abracadabra, you know
Like you could read it, but I can read it. Oh, I can read it phonetically. It's like alphanage
You just don't get magic. So you don't really well, but if you said the words out loud with the spells still work
Well, no, uh, he you have to weave the spell the word give me that book back. I take it back. No, I can
If you're a magician if you're a wizard, I can read the words and then you can repeat them and then make the magic happen
Yeah, is that true?
You guys how you guys it feels like studying together like, you know
Studying partners and work through the book and then you could learn the secrets with them
Really, I could I'll show you what the words are and then you can
I'll give you the book back. I've begun to assemble a study group of
Unlikely misfits
including a
middle-eastern
Savant Spencer who's obsessed with pop culture
You pulled back the curtain. It sounds a little derivative
Yeah, breakfast comfortable
I like it
While they form a study group, I take cocoa the horse and lead it off in the woods and fuck it
That's fine that that could happen. Okay, it's pretty sensual
Why not she's she's not here how what's the uh, what you'd need a stool to get up to the right height
Are you letting it do a handstand?
I take my sword and chop down a tree and form a stump just high enough for me to stand on and fuck Aaron's horse in the ass
Well, let's see here. There's actually that staff the staff with the button. I'll let you I um, I um
I can't find my horse
Oh, it's okay. I'm sure nobody's fucking right
I'm going to go walk around and see if I can find my horse
Coco
You hear the sounds of grunting and nae
What are you? Oh, oh, oh my god. Oh my god. No, it's not what it looks like
It kind of looks like he chopped down a tree to get taught enough to fuck the horse
All right, that is it's exactly what it looks like. I am
keenly, uh
Acknowledgable about nature and I am upset that you did this to a tree
G&G master bob gulfwood
Yeah, the horse is a fuck horse. Everybody's fucked up. Yeah
You could you could fuck it. You could fuck under it. Is it's a fuck horse?
If you can imagine it it can do it
All right, uh, uh me and the horse
I'll just uh take a post-coital nap and time passes and hopefully uh sharpie and uh Chris de Burgh have
Decoded the book at this point. Well, it is a long book
I will say that you've decoded a couple pages and might be able to cast off a spell or two
All right, I fuck the horse again take another nap
Well, I that would be fine. However as night had fallen before you guys cut me off, um
Um, you hear the low moaning all around you of some approaching of a horse
Sorry, sorry the horse and the throes of orgasm
No several several low moans all around you far away
Pretty far away. I uh, I hear some horse moaning
I hear not cocoa
I hear I hear you know how you make a horse moan. Are you chopped down a tree?
Can we can um sharpie and Chris de Burgh? Hey, I think you're ready to try a spell to like
Against these guys. Oh, hold on. We don't know that these these guys. I hold on Chris de Burgh
I I I I want to send avenger up to get a uh, literal
Birds-eye view avenger avenger is a hawk hawk for those of you first time podcast listeners
Avenger
Fly and seek
Launching from your arm avenger takes to the air soonies past the canopy of thick trees
That's me that's my hawk way of saying keep doing what you're doing
You assume he's circling around getting the lay of the land and soon he returns
Avenger what's see you
It's it's pretty tough to see through a forest but uh avenger, please tone down the sarcasm
Dude your hawk's got a lot of attitude you have learned much as a bird but sarcasm remains a human domain
Yours is but to spy and report still still talking
But I managed to see at least 20
What looked to be gray humans approaching jesus christ we got to get the fuck out of here
I I I've never been more cowardly
There are 20 I relate this information to the writer of lady in red
I have an idea for a new song
Men in gray jesus christ you got a fucking you got a fucking let go man. It just comes to me, you know
Nothing comes to you man like a color hung up name a color
A name a color just name a color. No more everything doesn't have to be a color or a person wearing a color
You can write a song that's not a song called singing in the rain. You're not writing. You're just changing a word
It's a mad live sometimes I change uh up to two words
Because it's you know, there was lady in red and my snap out of it
There's an army of 20 gray people coming. I assume they're
army in red
Oh my god
Are there animals are there woodland animals around?
You don't hear them and it seems that they've been quiet ever since that moaning started
I take out one of my sacks of nuts and I and I and I attempt I attempt woodland creatures toward me Jesus after a time
The squirrel approaches a squirrel approaches
I
What is your deal?
What are you looking to do next?
You've already fucked the horse twice
Give me the nut. I'm in a hurry. What's up? Hey, hey, hello squirrel squirrel is carrying a brazil nut
You know what they call these on this plane squirrel. I look I some delicious
Oh, I don't I don't want to talk to racist squirrels. Hey, can I have that nut?
Yes, you can on one condition on one condition squirrel. I'll give you the whole sack of nuts
Hey, if you will scamper forth and and and examine this army and find out if their friends are foes
I'm not doing that. Those are fucking zombies. Oh shit. Oh, he's answered the question. All right. I fucked the squirrel
Oh
He's of no use to me now. I'm still not convinced these are bad zombies
All right, what do we know about zombies in the d&d world?
They're not like war like walking dead just came out. It's not why but in in the magic the d&d
If you hit them in the head, they don't die. They're stitched together by magic. So they'll they'll keep fighting
Um, so we're gonna need the spells that Chris de Burgh and Sharpie have have have have you know put together, right?
Put potentially. I have a question
Um, I don't know very much about do I I look in my I have a sack or something, right?
You have knowledge of various subjects. Okay, so I know dude. I know these zombie guys
You know, you know a thing or two about zombies. Are they slow? Yeah, they're slower than us
Uh, they're not particularly fast. They're not super fast, but like they're like a glacier like if it comes for you
You're fucked like cocoa
Bad pitch
Walk in the opposite direction
I mean we weren't going anywhere anyway. How many zombies 20?
20 that avenger claims to have seen but you know through a forest that's pretty
There is also only as high as avenger can count. Are they in it?
I think are they between us and portals there are
There are 20 stars in the sky
always
Are they between us and the soul of growth?
The you don't have a beat of their exact direction in various directions
Now I get to cast one spell a day. Oh, yeah, but is it limited by
What is it limited? I think you know two spells where they're two spells listed on that sheet
They should have been on on the on the page behind that on the right side bar
I left my other sheet in the other part of the forest. I think
No, what's my two spells? I think you can talk to plants. Oh, yeah, there's a summer and nature's ellie
Oh, yeah, you could some ally ally. Nature's ellie was a sick um
That's Kate and you can entangle
Hmm. Oh, so you can make the forest and tangle them. Yeah, well guys before I uh
Entangle these zombies or something I need from all of you
One of you needs to stop fucking my horse
No names I don't think I I I'm I'm currently fucking the squirrel over here
I should mention you critical failed that squirrel
So you've sprained your your story of my life Spencer
Please don't go squirrel
And I before I entangled these zombies in vines and leaves. I also
I need someone to give me a
Avenger
as a pat
Oh, you heard me baby. I don't understand
You already have a horse. I know not even a virgin horse, but the horse is sullied
I'm surprised yet. She hasn't already shot two arrows at Avenger
What what we we we're lovers. I I know but I don't trust where this is going and I think I'm more nurturing
This is for Avenger. It's not about you
I have to give give up my hawk in exchange for a tangle spell
That may or may not prevent zombies from well, your friends have been fucking all the other animals. Listen
My I don't need you to help me. I'm sorry. Can I fuck up? Can I stop writing songs about colors is what I need from you?
All right, I got a new one
Quark in a horse
That's good. No colors in that one is
Dancing with me
Do I know what kind of spell and that of Chris de Burgh helped me
Like decipher that tone. Do I know what kind of spell I'd be casted?
Do you remember that spell that you cast to try and find your father where you cut yourself?
Yeah, my blood magic. That's that's the spell that was the first spell that you learned
So you could find something find father. I mean potentially don't don't wait. Don't already do it
We don't need your dad. It's pointless. It's a dumb spell
It brings your dad around. Yeah, it just it just it creates emotional arc
Or just bums you out
I like I like the idea that that uh mall rain could could summon the forest to entangle these zombies
All right fine, but I'm not giving her my hawk. Don't what is there anything I can do it's ridiculous that she's too
How about how about uh, well, I have stuff. Yeah
All right, fine knowing knowing knowing that my girlfriend is in a phase right now
And that and that she'll probably give the hawk back later. I give it to her
All right, and I wink at avenger in a way that goes women
Just and I wink I wink at avenger in a way that says I'm gonna fuck you
I
This is why you learn to speak to animals
Now christopher debarge
It's uh, it's Chris de Burgh debargh. Oh the birch. I didn't say debargh
Miss a little miss a lot
um
I really am gonna ask you to uh, you know more songwritings
At all you're just gonna have to give up the skill you have no power over me
No, I don't but if you want me to use my power to make the you're so needy right now
You took the hawk you're taking the one thing. I'm good at
Writing songs about people in various colors of clothing. He's trying to help you write better songs. You're stuck in a rut right now christopher
All right, I'll just let it go. I won't
Don't the zombies are getting closer. I won't
I won't write a new song for like a little while
All right, now i'm gonna summon all the trees the vines
and Schrabs to entangle
The army of
20 zombies
Avengers
Really bad with man at least 20 at least 20
to be stopped
Touching the trees around you they begin to contort and twist into life
They wrap and wave in anger
and combat and stuff
I'm determining whether it's working
Hello joe is this working
I'm determining if it's working
I was like mom just told you basketball practice was happening
Because i'm breaking the illusion
That's that's no fun. Oh
You managed to entangle much of the zombies you feel them being held fast
And by feel I mean assume is happening
How you like me now zombies pretty far off. They can't hear you if you say that can I ask you a sidebar question?
magical
I have a levitate spell. How high will that take me up? It'll whatever you designate
Um will float slowly. I think it's like 20 feet per round and then once i'm up there like
Here's here's the bottom line. Okay. I'm sharing this with once a roll. Yeah, like I want to become a living
Gun turret, you know where i'm up in the air and i'm going motherfucker and like magic miscelling like zombies
Okay, like a sniper tower. You have to concentrate to hold levitation
So you could attempt it, but um, you have a chance of failing the spell or falling out of the sky
I feel like there's really something in this book that's going to help us here. No, it's it'll find my dad. It's gay
Or maybe the first spell isn't the best one and you guys there's more spells. Yeah, there's more spells
You just focus. We're gonna sit here and learn spells where we're
We're
You
You're writing a book and zombies happen. That's not on me like
Wait, wait, we made the zombies. Who's that? No, that's happened
Someone's yelling at it's wonderful. What's what's this sounds like somebody's dad showed up anyways guys use the second spell
Oh, what there's a second spell. What's the second spell? It's called. Uh, it's called kill zombies. No, it's called blood blade. Yeah
It's a blade of blood potentially it's the ability what it's a blade of blood potentially
What does that mean? You don't know. I mean, we're gonna we're gonna try to use this blade of blood
It's red. I'll handle this
Not to write a song about it
Dude, red things are like my wheelhouse
I
Christopher can you sing a song about zombies and red that are so boring that
Kills all the zombies
Can he cast boring song on people? I
You know, I should have made you a fucking bard because they can like do that, but you're
Oh, no, I cast tonight a blood. I'm sort of like Sophie in that. I'm a thief, but I really want to be a singer
Well zombies are fucking zombies that wouldn't make sense. So do we know what the blood sword spell is?
I have an idea you get the idea that I could like slice
something
Perhaps a foe or enemy
Could it give a zombie back its soul?
Maybe you don't know that it can't can I uh because then they would suddenly be burdened with humanity again
And it would be terrible doing they'd be like what the fuck are we doing a minute good? Well hunting wasn't good. All right, Spencer
It's just it just the font was fancy
I'm not can I if you called that movie guys hanging out. I'd hate it
I start performing my lutes in hopes that Chris de Burgh sings a song
That that charms the zombies can I could throw my platinum record out of?
One of them records don't exist man. There's wax cylinders. Yeah, that you guys taking this seriously
Let's cast the blood blade spell. Let's do it together. All right
Let's do it man. I'll go and I'm gonna chop all their heads off
I'm sure that still works in d&d world
Can I say one thing don't chop off the ones that are already entangled do the ones that are free and coming at us
Good idea as it happens three breakthrough of the undergrowth the ones that just broke through definitely get those
Yeah, they seem intent
Oh
While you're casting your incantation one of the zombies manages to bite you in the arm
For damage
Oh, dude after that happens your cell goes off. Aren't you glad you weren't holding the Avenger now? I?
Climb a tree. I use my climb to climb the tallest tree around us. That happens and then
Using my far sword. I spin around with one hand like gene kelly in a lamp post
And I swing around using my far sword attack
I swing around and aim at all the zombies and try to get one far sword sweep and kill as many zombies as I can
As the spell blood blader goes off your far sword does as well
A blade of air and a blade of blood fly through the area
Hey, you should have told us to dock you motherfucker. Yeah
You guys are cool. I wasn't aiming at you guys, but we couldn't even see it
It's a blade of air bro dealing 13 and 16 damage to two of the zombies slicing them into pieces
Yeah, I just killed two zombies everyone take it easy. You can I I climb down from the tree and fuck one of the dead zombies
Jesus Christ this guy. I fucking I got it. I'm hard as a diamond right here
This is an HBO original campaign. Don't you ever spoon?
Yeah, what's your refractory period? Yeah, I'm a barbarian hero turns. I'm a barber. Hey, what happened to cuddling
You you guys are talking like people that want to get fucked. I'll tell you that. All right
All right. All right. Hey, I have a bow and arrow, right?
Uh, yeah, yeah, you do. Can I shoot a bow an arrow at one of the zombies? Don't just shoot the arrow
What do you mean don't shoot the bow shoot the shoot the use the bow to shoot the air
After you're all out of air. I got this thing I did bow
I have a hundred bows in one arrow. So I'm pretty sure I know how this works
Make make whatever you do with that bow count
All right, so I shoot an arrow at a guy your arrow plunges into the neck of one of the remaining zombie and it takes seven damage
How many are left that zombie is left the rest are entangled at the bottom. So it didn't die. It didn't quite die
Oh, fuck
Maybe you should sing to it
Oh
Summon monster two
What monster do you want to summon the one that could cause the most damage to the most targets that are
Entangled in the most amount of most squid
Squid no not squid. That's literally the most wrong answer. Yeah. No, not squid
I summon an ape. I'm so sorry. Who's yelling at us guys everyone life
I'm telling you whatever you read in the book
Let me hear my options fiendish monstrous centipede fiendish monstrous spider fiendish snake fiendish wolf
I feel like steel eagle. I like fiendish wolf fiendish wolf fiendish wolf. It's boring, but it's effective
Like sort of like lady in red with
Let it go Chris de Burgh
Listen, it is a panty dropper. A lot of people did their first kiss to that song
Uh
With a plume of smoke and the smell of sulfur a black
Dark-looking wolf with red eyes
poofs into beef
And lunges for the remaining zombie tearing the throat out of the sulfur
The zombie lies slain. Yes. So are we free of zombies right now?
You're free of unentangled zombies potentially the rest of them could get out if you give them longer
All right, we should go to the place that I know that the soul of growth is at. Yeah, where is it?
It's I know where it is. It's don't say radio city if we
It's there if we already drove by it. I'll be so mad
No, no, no, no, no, no. It's just there's a lot of dunking donuts in this area. So it looks
Uh, can we go to as you travel the trees get thinner and give way to smooth flat stone tiles
The floor appears ancient as part of some long past civilization
I think we're going the right way
Seems like a cliffhanger, right? Seems like a cliffhanger
I think we should thank bob gulfwight and kumail nanjiani for coming by
Bob gulfwight, kumail nanjiani. What's that? No, I didn't say anything, but you told me I could stop by anytime. Yeah, and you should
You always should I take that really serious. No, you should you you should take it very serious
I don't I don't I don't say it to random people
We insist bob gulfwight should come by anytime, right? All right, thanks, man. Thanks a lot. Very much so we actually insist now
We require your presence. Yeah
I like it. I like it a lot
I also like I found out when we came back from tour like I'm not like like like me by myself
It's like because I'm self-actualized and perfect because I've become like part man part god
Kind of boring like target. Well, what do you know?
Oh, so he doesn't like watching his ass who cares like I don't care like exciting people exciting people coming by
Look how much fun we have
And look how look how it dies when they leave
Yeah, we could have ended on that but we could have we could have played zanadu and I could have been the end of the show
Yeah, what about it sounds like now I've now I've got a 150 hostages
And I say that sounds like now I say whatever I want right right now I said like you know like
Five-minute warning. I like it certainly like we could end the show right now. Well a little bit dumb ending
Dumb, no, I'm just saying like
Like a hey cameo Bob shut the fuck up. No, don't worry
That's a that's a maybe just they're not being too loud. They're just they're they're coming off a high that would come
Out of fully fuck. I love being on the show. It's fucking amazing. Does it feel you the way it feels me?
No, it feels me more than it feels you
Um, they love it doesn't that's not that's not their fault
Like you don't you don't blame
Moses for coming down from the mountain going oh holy shit 10 commandments
He's been somewhere he's contacted something. Yeah, he's been to Mount Sinai and spoken to Yahweh. What do we do to close the show?
What I don't know. What what do we do?
anybody
Rap I heard rap
Oh, dance off Johnny Cash Johnny can't you know what now we can do Johnny?
We can do Johnny catch again
Johnny Cash Johnny Cash dance off rap
Yeah, I don't know
Let's not keep the floor up in this long
Let's talk to some people. Did you have a good time get which is the gate that you're the gay friend, right?
Yes, what's your name Scott Scott and so you're the gay friend of
Stephanie Stephanie and you're the straight friend of Stephanie. Yes, your name is Connor Connor
Okay, did I incriminate any of the three of you? Okay by the time this airs no one's gonna go like you said on your facebook you're single
All right, don't want to don't want to fuck anything up
I hear the Connor's coming. He's coming out with me. I'm gonna bring my gay friend
And we'll have to see whether he gets along with
All my gay friends
I can't remember names of my friends. I don't know how this song will end
I don't know come on
It's got to be something different this time jeff
It's been a fantastic show. This is a new Harmontown. It's a rebirth. We're like uh for you know transformer fans
Megatron turned into what was his name ultra ultra galvatron?
I was gonna say ultra tron galvatron. Oh galvatron
You bathe in the lava you come out. You're new
Granted grantees are fillin, but you know, what did the optimist prime give us garbage?
It's a terrible person
It's like got a thing and it's like to use this and you're darkest down. It's stupid dumb
like a hero
bathes
Is what i'm saying there we go
My hero dunks himself down into hot liquid comes up changed every saturday
All right, all right, no we're gonna do this right
Let's say we've had a great show perfect time limit like we're gonna fucking nail this one
This is gonna be one for the record books jeff. This is gonna be the uh
I don't know say the dungeons and dragons episode
Oh, shit
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
Yeah, yo
Wrap yo wrap it up freestyle wrapping wrapping up off the top of my head
Putting in bread
You didn't hear me when I said
Putting in bread. That's what I said instead you open up your cupboards look inside
You see a cup you pull it out and you take liquid fill it up and you drink it down goes into
Your tummy and then you sit with your mama play gin rum. You see
Put the ace of spades on the table. I didn't know you could play. I didn't say I was able
But I beat this bitch because she's so old that her pussy has an extra stitch and I
Come on down to harm it's down turn that frown upside down stretching
The yellow poop is brown bad brown
I'm down to harm and child
Yo
Sinterlating spirit going through my body and I didn't even fear it said it
Like your mama said fuck me. I fucked your mama so hard. She was a huckney
That's a new word that I made up
It means a kind of person wants to get fucked
Went to her house said are you a huckney? She said who me? I said, yeah you she said yeah me
Went inside to the foyer hung my hat fucked her pussy fucked her titties fucked her ass think about that
Your daddy was at work. Maybe he should read prioritize
jerk
Down to harm it's down turn that frown upside down. What's your name Christian Christian? Yeah. Yeah, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter
Christian wearing a brown jacket. It's actually black, but you can't see it
facet
facet's a word
Cooperna turd
Turd goes into the toilet goes down goes into the sewer pipe goes all around goes to the place where they turn poop
Into water comes out of the faucet and it's drunken by your sons and daughters
Then they put it into their tummies and they poop it out and they go. Oh, that was so yummy
Soylent green. Don't you see the lies?
Open your mouth open your eyes. Yeah, yeah, but dan. Yeah, sorry
Use all of your magic powers and tell us what you've learned about the difference between baths and showers
You know when you
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah learn when you go into the tub and you stand still the water comes out
But it's like pink hill. It just stands there. It's on the air forever
And it sprays off your body and there's no endeavor
But when you soak inside some hot goo
Then it makes you a whole new you when you go into it
It's like getting baptized and you come out you you're you're a different guy and you go surprise mother fucker
I'm I'm a brand new Dan Harmon. I'm extra clean and extra charming. Yeah, but yeah, yeah
I know that you'd rather be alive and dead
But tell me if you were a doctor, but you wanted to be a comedian instead
Yo, if my name was sophie, then I tried to go to ucb and get an extra trophy
I try to get chopped by Matt Besser and if I couldn't do that I'd go to somewhere lesser like like io west
It's a good place. It's not the best
But you know you can still learn some shit and go to the test
You can get on stage and if you if you can't do improv you can be in a cage match
It's it's a good place for a workshop
But it's a kind of like the equivalent of pig slop
But you know you pay five hundred dollars and then they tell you oh, here's the rules
Here's your collar. All right dan now since you got us all captive here
Tell us why it's better to say high five the gay guy than smear the queer
Wait, wait, sorry. I didn't understand your question
Why is it better to say high five the gay guy than smear the queer?
Because gay people from the beginning of time have always tried to do things with just an extra cultural line
They try to they put it on the cocktail rim. Does it matter if you fuck her or fuck a him?
I don't think so. I doubt it
But I really doubt it
Come on down to harm and thank you everybody for coming
One more time for bobcat gold plate cameo nunchiani
Spencer crittin dan everyone
Once again, I'm your comptroller Jeff Davis and your mayor Dan Harmon
Thank you. You're wonderful and beautiful. Uh, we'll probably see you at the drawing room
at millburn and hillhurst
I remember this the good old day
Open your eyes and see what we have made us real. We are in zanadoo
Hey, I'm real
I
Do
Oh